# TJ Suite

Program to calculate the tearing stability matrix and the tearing eigenfunctions for an
aspect-ratio expanded toroidal plasma equilibrium.

The program deals with a perturbed magnetic field consisting of a single
toroidal harmonic and a range of different coupled poloidal harmonics.
The program solves the equations of marginally-stable ideal magnetohydrodynamics
thoughout the plasma. These equations become singular at various rational
magnetic flux-surfaces within the plasma. The solution is integrated to
just before each rational surface and then jumped across the surface using
an analytic solution that is valid in the immediate vicinity of the surface.

Either free or fixed boundary conditions are imposed at the plasma boundary.
The free boundary conditions are generated via an expansion in toroidal
functions in the vacuum region surrounding the plasma. Alternatively,
a model ideal wall can be used to interpolate between free and fixed
boundary conditions.

The free boundary response of the plasma to specified non-axisymmetric currents
flowing in external magnetic field coils is calculated.

The ideal stability of the plasma is optionally calculated.

The growth-rates and real frequencies of the unreconnected modes as well
as the torque curves and shielding factors at the various rational
surfaces are optionally calculated using a three-field reduced-MHD resonant
layer model.

# Class Utility

Class to perform various standard tasks, such as reading and writing to
files, solving differential equations, and finding roots of trancendental
equations.

# Class Equilibrium

Class to generate an aspect-ratio expanded tokamak plasma equilibrium.

# Program TJ

Program to read the equilibrium data generated by Equilibrium and calculate
the ideal and tearing mode stability data.

# Class Layer

Class to read the stability and equilibrium data generated by TJ and solve
the layer equations to generate growth-rates.

# Program WriteEFIT

Program to read the equilibrium data generated by Equilibrium and write an EFIT file.
This program is optionally called from Equilibrium.

# Program Flux

Program to read the EFIT file and construct a straight field-line coordinate system.
This program is used to compare the EFIT equilibrium with the approximate equilibrium generated by TJ.

# Program Tear

Program to calculate the stability indices of tearing modes in a cylindrical tokamak plasma.

# Program Island

Program to calculate temperarature in vicinity of magnetic island

# Directories

  - *Benchmark*:        Benchmark tests
  - *Bibliography*:	Papers containing background material
  - *Documentation*: 	Documentation for codes
  - *Equilibrium*:	Source for class Equilibrium
  - *Flux*:		Source for class Flux
  - *Inputs*:		JSON files controlling behaviors of codes
  - *Island*:           Source code for program Island
  - *Layer*:		Source for class Layer
  - *Outputs*:		Outputs from codes
  - *Plots*:		Python plotting scripts for codes
  - *Python*:           Useful python scripts
  - *Reduce*:		REDUCE programs that perform analysis for TJ code
  - *Runs*:             Data from running TJ code
  - *TJ*:		Source for code TJ
  - *Tear*:		Source for code Tear
  - *Utility*:          Source for class Utility
  - *WriteEFIT*:	Source for code WriteEFIT
  - *bin*:		Binaries for codes
  - *lib*:		Libraries
  - *include*:		Library header files