Program/README.md, before:

# Program TJ

Program to calculate tearing stability matrix and tearing eigenfunctions for an aspect-ratio
expanded toroidal plasma equilibrium. The program deals with a perturbed magnetic field consisting
of a single toroidal harmonic and a range of different coupled poloidal harmonics. The program
solves the equations of marginally-stable ideal magnetohydrodynamics thoughout the plasma. These equations
become singular at various rational magnetic flux-surfaces within the plasma. The solution is
integrated to just before each rational surface and then jumped across the surface using an analytic
solution that is valid in the immediate vicinity of the surface. Either free or fixed boundary conditions
are imposed at the plasma boundary. The free boundary conditions are generated via an expansion in toroidal
functions in the vacuum region surrounding the plasma. The growth-rates and real frequencies of the unreconnected
modes are calculated using a three-field reduced MHD resonant layer model.

Commit message:

Added ideal response to RMP

Program/README.md, after:

# Program TJ

Program to calculate tearing stability matrix and tearing eigenfunctions for an
aspect-ratio expanded toroidal plasma equilibrium.

The program deals with a perturbed magnetic field consisting of a single
toroidal harmonic and a range of different coupled poloidal harmonics.
The program solves the equations of marginally-stable ideal magnetohydrodynamics
thoughout the plasma. These equations become singular at various rational
magnetic flux-surfaces within the plasma. The solution is integrated to
just before each rational surface and then jumped across the surface using
an analytic solution that is valid in the immediate vicinity of the surface.

Either free or fixed boundary conditions are imposed at the plasma boundary.
The free boundary conditions are generated via an expansion in toroidal
functions in the vacuum region surrounding the plasma.

The free boundary response of the plasma to specified non-axisymmetric currents
flowing in external magnetic field coils is calculated.

The growth-rates and real frequencies of the unreconnected modes as well
as the torque curves and shielding factors at the various rational
surfaces are optionally calculated using a three-field reduced-MHD resonant
layer model.
