Program/Plots/README.md, before:

# Python Scripts for Program TJ

## Plasma equilibrium:

	- Flux.py        - Plots r, theta coordinate system in R, Z plane  
	- Fluxw.py       - Plots r, omega coordinate system in R, Z plane  
	- Equilibrium.py - Plots components of aspect-ratio expanded equilibrium  
	                    versus r
	- Safety.py      - Plots safety-factor, q, magnetic shear, s, higher order  
	                   shear, s_2, pressure gradient and derivate of pressure  
			    gradient, p'', versus radius, r
	- Shear.py       - Plots magnetic shear, amd related functions, versus r  
	- Shape.py       - Plots values of shaping functions at plasma boundary  
	- Shaping.py     - Plots shaping functions versus r
	- Profile.py     - Plots shaping function, S_1, and profiles function, P_1,  
	                    P_2, P_3, versus radius, r
	- Boundary.py    - Plots data relating to plasma boundary

## Vacuum matrices:

	- Metric.py      - Plots metric data at plasma boundary
   	- Vacuum.py      - Visualizes vacuum matrices P_m^m' and R_m^m
	- Amat.py        - Visualizes vacuum matrix A^mm'
	- Hmat.py        - Visualizes vacuum response matrix, H_mm'

## ODE Solution:

	- Matrix.py      - Plots L_m^m', M_m^m', N_m^m', and P_m^m' coupling matrices  
	                    versus r
	- Solutions.py   - Plots psi and Z components of m-dominant solution vector  
	                    versus r
	- Solution.py    - Plots mth harmonic of psi and Z components of m-dominant  
	                    solution vector versus r
	- h.py           - Plots adaptive ode integration step-length, h, and
	  		    truncation error, err, versus radius, r

## Tearing eigenfunctions:

	- Full.py        - Plots poloidal harmonics of psi and Z Fourier components of  
	                    fully reconnected solution vector associated with given  
			    rational surface versus r
	- Unrc.py        - Plots poloidal harmonics of psi and Z Fourier components  
	                    of unreconnected solution vector associated with given  
			    rational surface versus r
	- Unrc1.py       - Plots kth poloidal harmonic of psi and Z components of  
	                    unreconnected solution vector associated with given  
			    rational surface versus r.
	- Psi.py         - Plots psi components of unreconnected solution vector  
	                    associated with given rational surface in R, Z plane  
	- PsiZ.py        - Plots psi and Z components of unreconnected solution vector  
	                    associated with given rational surface in R, Z plane

## Electromagnetic torques:

	- Tfull.py       - Plots angular momentum flux associated with pair of  
	  		    fully reconnected solutions versus r
	- Tunrc.py       - Plots angular momentum flux associated with pair of  
	  		    unreconnected solutions versus r

## Tearing dispersion relation:

   	- Emat.py	 - Visualizes tearing stability matrix

## RMP coils:

	- Psix.py        - Plots poloidal harmonics of RMP at plasma boundary
	- Chi.py         - Plots RMP drives at rational surfaces
	- Rmp.py         - Plots ideal response of plasma to RMP
	- Rmp1.py        - Plots kth poloidal harmonics of ideal response of plasma to  
	   		    RMP
	- Psir.py        - Plots psi components of ideal response of plasma to RMP
	                    in R, Z plane
	- PsiZr.py       - Plots psi and Z components of ideal response of plasma to  
	   		    RMP in R, Z plane

## Resonant layers:

   	- Torque.py	 - Plots torque and shielding factor versus frequency for  
	   		    given rational surface

Commit message:

Started adding ideal stability to TJ

Program/Plots/README.md, after:

# Python Scripts for Program TJ

## Plasma equilibrium:

	- Flux.py        - Plots r, theta coordinate system in R, Z plane  
	- Fluxw.py       - Plots r, omega coordinate system in R, Z plane  
	- Equilibrium.py - Plots components of aspect-ratio expanded equilibrium  
	                    versus r
	- Safety.py      - Plots safety-factor, q, magnetic shear, s, higher order  
	                   shear, s_2, pressure gradient and derivate of pressure  
			    gradient, p'', versus radius, r
	- Shear.py       - Plots magnetic shear, amd related functions, versus r  
	- Shape.py       - Plots values of shaping functions at plasma boundary  
	- Shaping.py     - Plots shaping functions versus r
	- Profile.py     - Plots shaping function, S_1, and profiles function, P_1,  
	                    P_2, P_3, versus radius, r
	- Boundary.py    - Plots data relating to plasma boundary

## Vacuum matrices:

	- Metric.py      - Plots metric data at plasma boundary
   	- Vacuum.py      - Visualizes vacuum matrices P_m^m' and R_m^m
	- Amat.py        - Visualizes vacuum matrix A^mm'
	- Hmat.py        - Visualizes vacuum response matrix, H_mm'

## ODE Solution:

	- Matrix.py      - Plots L_m^m', M_m^m', N_m^m', and P_m^m' coupling matrices  
	                    versus r
	- Solutions.py   - Plots psi and Z components of m-dominant solution vector  
	                    versus r
	- Solution.py    - Plots mth harmonic of psi and Z components of m-dominant  
	                    solution vector versus r
	- h.py           - Plots adaptive ode integration step-length, h, and
	  		    truncation error, err, versus radius, r

## Tearing eigenfunctions:

	- Full.py        - Plots poloidal harmonics of psi and Z Fourier components of  
	                    fully reconnected solution vector associated with given  
			    rational surface versus r
	- Unrc.py        - Plots poloidal harmonics of psi and Z Fourier components  
	                    of unreconnected solution vector associated with given  
			    rational surface versus r
	- Unrc1.py       - Plots kth poloidal harmonic of psi and Z components of  
	                    unreconnected solution vector associated with given  
			    rational surface versus r.
	- Psi.py         - Plots psi components of unreconnected solution vector  
	                    associated with given rational surface in R, Z plane  
	- PsiZ.py        - Plots psi and Z components of unreconnected solution vector  
	                    associated with given rational surface in R, Z plane

## Electromagnetic torques:

	- Tfull.py       - Plots angular momentum flux associated with pair of  
	  		    fully reconnected solutions versus r
	- Tunrc.py       - Plots angular momentum flux associated with pair of  
	  		    unreconnected solutions versus r

## Tearing dispersion relation:

   	- Emat.py	 - Visualizes tearing stability matrix, E_kk'

## RMP coils:

	- Psix.py        - Plots poloidal harmonics of RMP at plasma boundary
	- Chi.py         - Plots RMP drives at rational surfaces
	- Rmp.py         - Plots ideal response of plasma to RMP
	- Rmp1.py        - Plots kth poloidal harmonics of ideal response of plasma to  
	   		    RMP
	- Psir.py        - Plots psi components of ideal response of plasma to RMP
	                    in R, Z plane
	- PsiZr.py       - Plots psi and Z components of ideal response of plasma to  
	   		    RMP in R, Z plane

## Resonant layers:

   	- Torque.py	 - Plots torque and shielding factor versus frequency for  
	   		    given rational surface

## Ideal stability:

   	- Ideal.py       - Plots psi and Z Fourier harmonics of ideal solutions
	   		    launched from magnetic axis versus r
	- Ideal1.py      - Plots kth poloidal harmomics of psi and Z components
	   		    of ideal solutions launched from magnetic axis versus r
	- Wmat.py	 - Visualizes ideal energy matrix, W_mm'
	- Ideale.py      - Plots psi and Z Fourier harmonics of ideal eigenfunctions
	   		    versus r
	- Ideale1.py     - Plots kth poloidal harmomics of psi and Z components
	   		    of ideal eigenfunctions versus r
